What I observed a lot of my career is how players study film because now it's become like you
watch game film you see what you do right you see what you do wrong okay let's do more of
that let's do less of that right but the way I grew up from Tex winter Phil Jackson the
way film was broken down it was broken down to the smallest detail it was broken down
to the right angle is broken down to foot placement timing looking at the posture
of a teammate you know what can he be thinking what can he be feeling same
thing with the opposition you know you watch the feed watch players going to the
timeouts who's talking to who who's not talking you start looking at every
little thing and so watching the game for me would take like five hours and that
attention to details what's missing so I felt like if I can put that in a show
I have the next generation these eleven-year-old kids 12-year-old kids start
watching the game at that level what are they going to be when they're 25 you
know what level would they be at then and it's a passion of mine to get that
thing going like I said April 12th would be the first episode